#labels Featured
=Frequently Asked Questions=

*How do I remove calenders from iCal once I've added them?*

Open iCal's preferences, go to the Accounts tab, and use the "-" button in the lower-left.

*I set up my calendars in iCal, but now I'm having problems. What now?*

Visit the [http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/Calendar Google Calendar Help] group. Once the calendars show up in iCal Calaboration has already done its job. After that, it's not involved at all.

*Why can't I see my iCal calendars in Google Calendar?*

Calaboration isn't a sync tool, it just configures iCal's built-in support for CalDAV calendars. CalDAV lets iCal read and write your Google Calendar calendars directly, but your local iCal calendars are still just local to your machine.

*Why are some of my calendars greyed out?*

Due to limitations in iCal's CalDAV support of read-only calendars, Calaboration will not allow adding them to iCal by default. To add read-only calendars despite the limitations, you can enable them from Calaboration's preferences.

There is a bug in Calaboration where certain calendars in from hosted domain accounts will show as read-only even though they are not. Until we resolve this in a future version of Calaboration, you can enable them as described above; once they are added to iCal they will work correctly as read-write calendars.

*I already set up CalDAV subscriptions to my Google Calenders in iCal manually. How is Calaboration different?*

It's exactly the same. We just felt that the process was too complicated, especially with more than one calendar, so we created Calaboration to make the process quick and easy.

*Why can't I sync these calendars to my iPhone?*

We don't have any control over Apple's sync tools; you'd have to ask them why CalDAV calendars aren't available for sync.